All base building supplies should be very expensive.

Items that are black should cost more than other colors but green, brown or any camo should cost more than black. Black clothing should cost 12% more and camo, green and brown should cost 15% more.

Meat should be more than fruits, vegetables, canned food etc because it has higher nutritional gain.

Animal partsc will be removed so dont mess with them.

Bottled water should cost more than a soda, a canteen should cost more than a bottle and vodka should cost the most.

Medical supplies like bandages should cost a lot but not as much as items meant to provide healing such as a saline bag or blood bag.

Each item should sell for exactly 1/8th the price.

Medications should cost far more than bandages and should be VERY expensive.

The small tools should be very expensive as well especially base building tools like hammers and saws or gun cleaning kits.

The big tools should be more expensive than the small tools.

The electronics should also be very expensive like the radio.

Under fire a lights things like the cigarette lighters and matches should also be expensive and so should the construction lamp.

The cooking and hunting supplies should be VERY expensive as they are used for surviving in the woods and just survival in general.

All hardware supplies should be very expensive minus a few things like paper and pens but they should still cost a bit though.

All seeds should be 4000 Rubles+.

The teddy bears can be around 200.

Sidearms should be pretty expensive as well minus a few like the flare gun.

Rifles should be some of the most expensive weapons.

Some of the shotguns especially the Saiga which is a Auto-matic shotgun.

Submachine guns should be roughly two times as expensive as pistols

Assault Rifles should be VERY expensive atleast 12k plus.

Grenades should be quite expensive depending on the varient and color (color only applies to smoke grenades).

Sniper Rifles should be the most expensive guns in the trader.

All ammunition should be VERY expensive and the prices of ammo boxes should depend on the ammount of bullets in the box, to get the price of ammo boxes mutiply the price by the amount of bullets in the box.

Magazine prices should be controlled by the rarrity and what weapon it goes to.

Prices of hand gaurds should be controlled by rarity and the weapon it goes to, the same goes for buttstocks.

Optics prices should be controlled by rarity, the guns they go onand how much zoom it has.

Suppressors should be VERY VERY costly and price should be affected by what weapons it goes to.

Compensator prices should be high and priced upon spawn rate and the weapons they go to.

Bayonet prices should be affected by spawn rate and the weapon it goes to.

Flash lights should be costly but not more than a few grand.

Glasses should cost according to spawn rate and the use.

Arm bands should cost no more than 200 rubles.

Glove prices should depend on whether or not its civilian or military.

Helmets should be VERY expensive unless they are civilian.

Masks should cost acording to how well they can prevent diseases.

Vests should be EXTREMELY expensive unless they are civilian varients their price should also be judged by the level of ballistic protection.

All non-protective clothing should have their prices based on color, storage, and insulation.

Military holsters and pouches should be very expensive.

Backpacks prices should be judged by the size of their inventory.

Vehicle prices should be based on speed, rarity, color ,storage, gas mileage, number of seats and the strength of the vehicle.

Vehicle parts should have their prices set based on spawn rate, and how the item is used whether or not its as important.

Devil's castle trader should have very expensive prices as it has the best loot in the game but all sell prices should be 1/6th.

CKB Ski Resort Bounty Hunter Trader should buy items for 1/7th the selling price and their prices should be 1.5 times higher than the normal trader.
















